Now that you learned a lot about the basics of caching with service workers,
let's dive into some of the strategies you can use.
Now what we're using right now in our fetch event listener is cache with network fallback,
so we first tried to access the cache and then if that fails or if we don't find the item in the cache,
we fallback to the network,
so it looks like that. Our page sends a request to the service worker or put in other words, the service
worker intercepts any request the page sends and then the service worker has a look at the cache.
Now if a resource is found, it is directly returned, if it is not found,
we execute another step,
we reach out to the network and the network then returns the response.
Now what we also do is we step in with the service worker and put that response onto the cache again to
have dynamic caching and make sure that for future requests, we can find the resource in the cache
but even without that, this is what the strategy is called, cache and then network fallback.
The good thing about this strategy is that we can instantly load assets if we have them in the cache, which
is even good if we do have Internet access because it's very fast.
The bad thing of course is this especially when used generically, that we parse everything like that
and for some resources, especially resources which should be highly up-to-date,
this is bad because we might return old versions which are still in the cache because we don't reach out
to the network by default, only if an element is not in the cache. Before we come to a better solution
to that,
let's have a look at one other strategy we might use.